# Introduction
This file is a MATLAB code used for a school project to analyze the fugacity of the components in gaseous syngas (a binary mixture of H<sub>2</sub> and CO) at a range of different temperatures, pressures, and compositions using 2 different methods of analysis. Since it is a gas, these temperatures and pressures were naturally constrained.

# Brief Methodology
In order to determine the mixture's fugacity, we must know the mixture's pressure, temperature, composition, and volume. Since we are interested in investigating the fugacity at different pressures, temperatures, and compositions, we want to set predetermined ranges of these and solve for fugacity at all desired combinations. For pressure, we looked at 50 evenly spaced points along the range of 12,000 to 10,000,000 Pascals. For temperature, we similarly looked at 50 points from 10 to 650 Kelvin. For composition, we looked at 50 points from 0 to 1 (1 molar composition value will implicitly determine 2 compositions in a binary mixture, for if you know the molar composition of one component, the other can only be one thing). Now that our ranges of investigation are determined, we just need to determine our volume. To do this, we used the van der Waals equation of state and solved for volume at all 2500 combinations of pressures and temperatures (since composition would not change the volume). Next, we had to solve for the a<sub>mix</sub> and b<sub>mix</sub> values at all 50 compositions. From this, I was able to use an equation to solve for the fugacity coefficient at all combinations.
Next, I used the Lee-Kesler equation to solve for the pure species fugacity coefficient and pure species fugacity at two different temperature and pressure compositions that represent opposite ends of the data previously determined (one ideal and non-ideal point). Values at each combination was found by interpolating between data in Appendices C.7 and C.8 of Koretsky's _Engineering and Chemical Thermodynamics_.
Finally, I created 12 graphs, subdivided into 3 sections (changing pressure, changing temperature, and changing composition) that was then further subdivided into each component (H<sub>2</sub> and CO). These were used to first plot the Lewis Fugacity data and observe the way they changed with their respective independent variables, and then the Lee-Kesler points were plotted in each to view the difference between the two methods.

# Appendix
Although the code was written solely by me, my group also created a report talking about the numerical approach taken and our analysis of the results. A pdf of this report is also attached (with the consent of each group member and appropriate credit given). Furthermore, I've attached the 3 resultant subplots as these were the main method of analysis for this project.
